

Hello, 
I'm glad you are interested to try this program. I hope you will like it.

This is a guide to help you and make sure you enjoy it and have the best
experience. You're Welcome.

Prerequisites/Requirements:
1. A Windows computer with Python(A programming language, not the big snake that eats
chicken and goats).Mac Users can still run this, but this guide is not for you. Sorry!

2. If you have a computer but don't wan't to install Python(You are lazy)/Don't 
have a computer(not lazy), you could try online sites that let you run
Programs.(Google 'Online Python environment' and choose any). 
Note: The experience might not be the one I desired. I do not recommend it. However,
if you run out of options, you can still use it. Please check me for more help.
I am more than ready to help you out.

3. An understanding on Maths(Geometry, Matrices and Vectors) is not a requirement
but If you possess it you will have the best experience.

4. If you 'BELIEVE' you do not meet the third(3) requirement, do not worry. I feel
you, I also got you covered. Use 'Pathfinder for Dummies' Program A.K.A Pathfinder_for_dummies.py

5. Literacy and Common Sense.

Let's get started!
For those who have run Python programs before, your journey in this text ends here!
Close the text and try the programs (DO NOT OPEN THE CODE! RUN THE PROGRAMS FIRST.
AFTER RUNNING THE PROGRAM FOR A FEW TIMES AND KNOWING A LITTLE BIT OF WHAT IT DOES
THEN YOU CAN VISIT THE CODE, AND MAKE CHANGES (IF YOU WANT). You might want to share
with me those interesting changes(if you also want).I would love to hear them. NOW IF
YOU DON'T KNOW HOW TO RUN THE PROGRAM WITHOUT VIEWING THE CODE, CONTINUE READING. DO NOT
CLOSE THIS TEXT OTHERWISE,
Get out of here!

If you are still reading this text, FOLLOW ME (not me, the steps!)
1. Open your computer, make sure you have this folder(PathFinder) in your computer
preferably on your computer Desktop.

2. Open the folder(PathFinder). You should be able to see three files namely:
	pathfinder.py
	pathfinder_for_dummies.py
	READ THIS BEFORE TRYING.txt

3. Next, we are going to check if your computer has Python.

4. Right click (inside this folder on empty space) and click an option which says:
	"Open in Terminal" or "Open in Command Prompt".
	
	If this stage is succesful skip step 5 and go to 6.

5. If you do not see any of the options, open Start and search for 'cmd' or 'Terminal'
	You will get options like:
	"Command Prompt" or "Terminal". Choose any.

6. When it opens and you see some text, press ENTER a few times or even a hundred times
   and you will see some new lines magically appearing. Now type CLS. Did those lines disappear?

7. Type cd Desktop/pathfinder and press ENTER. A new line should appear with 'pathfinder'
   as the last word.
   
8. Now to see if you have Python, type python then press ENTER key. What happens?
	If you see any the following words or stuff: "Python, 3.blah blah blah, Dates,
	Help, copyright, credits, license, for more information." 
	Then, congratulations your computer has Python and it is correctly configured.

 	Now you are in python. Type print("Hooray, I have Python!")
	press Enter.(Smiles)
	type exit().

	Skip step 9, 10, 11. Go to 12.
	
9. This step is for those who did not smile in step 8. Don't worry. You will also smile.
   And your smile will be wider than step-8-ers' smiles. 
   The thing is your computer doesn't have python the way I want it to have. So we are going
   to download it (frowns).

	copy this link to your browser to download 
	link: https://www.python.org/ftp/python/3.11.4/python-3.11.4-amd64.exe
	
10. After it finishes downloading, open it, accept terms, click Next. Before Clicking Next,
    look for something(small box saying 'add to PATH' and tick that box).IT IS VERY IMPORTANT.
    If you miss it, you'll blame yourself. Click next. Check for that box. If you see it tick it.
    Next, next, next until you finish.

11. Repeat from step 4 or 5 (Depends on what you found), 6, 7, 8. What happens?
    Wider Smile? If yes, congratulations. You now have Python. Don't forget to type exit().

12. We now all have Python. Let's try our programs. Type cls to clear our 'Command Prompt'
    or 'Terminal'.

13. The last word on the terminal should be pathfinder.

14. If you are scared, jump to step 15. If you are not type DIR and press ENTER.(What do you think?)

15. You will now run the programs without seeing the code.(Last word should still be pathfinder)
	for those who think they met requirement 3, type python pathfinder.py
	for those who didn't, type python pathfinder_for_dummies.py

16. If you followed up to step 15 correctly you should be able to experience the pathfinder program.
    If you didn't you could try again, or reach me for help or GIVE UP (please don't GIVE UP, and if you do, you
    are a LOSER)

Final Words.
I hope you enjoyed the game, and you liked it. Now, you also know how to run Python programs if you didn't 
before. Next step is to learn how to make your own programs. Anyone can do it (If you want, ofcourse).

Any help, bugs, errors, feedback, suggestions, questions, more games, money, you know where to find me.

I love you!(for guys no homo), for girls(I meant it). Yo ho ho ho!


Yours Truly,

Collins. 



